Lastly, shapes.
Can anybody name the shape?
Just kidding.
>> [LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH] I'm using this to represent
a bunch of different effect types.
So you have your async and your error
handling, and your event streams,
and we tend to model these
with types like the functors.
So you have your task and
your either, and your this or that.
And at the end of the day, these things
don't compose, monads don't compose.
And so what happens is, functors compose,
mono is compose, and we'll see that.
But if you have to use
a monad in your application,
which is typically the case,
these things don't actually compose.
So, we focus on normalizing the shape,
kind of mashing them into the one
thing like the inside of a gobstopper.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And then you can combine them,
and it's all happy, right?
So normalizing the effect types
throughout the app is something
that you probably want to do.
I don't think it's necessarily necessary
all the time but, necessarily necessary.
It's just good guiding principle to have
a normalized shape of your effects so
you end up making maybe an app monad,
and everything falls into that.
And so everything kind of composes.
And there's different
strategies as we'll see,
we'll see free monads,
free monoids, that stuff.